{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Open/Close command so we know this is a separate drive.\
\
\
every time\

\i UDID\
Time
\i0 \
---\

\b GPS\
Location
\i\b0 \
Latitude\
Longitude\
Altitude\
Course\
horizontalAccuracy\
verticalAccuracy
\i0 \

\b Heading - may not be necessary with course\

\i\b0 magneticHeading
\i0 \
The value in this property represents the heading relative to the magnetic North Pole, which is different from the geographic North Pole. The value 0 means the device is pointed toward magnetic north, 90 means it is pointed east, 180 means it is pointed south, and so on. The value in this property should always be valid.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 trueHeading
\i0 \
The value in this property represents the heading relative to the geographic North Pole. The value 0 means the device is pointed toward true north, 90 means it is pointed due east, 180 means it is pointed due south, and so on. A negative value indicates that the heading could not be determined.\

\i headingAccuracy\
x\
y\
z
\i0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 ---\

\b Device Motion\

\b0 Attitude (radians):\

\i roll\
pitch\
yaw
\i0 \
\
rotationRate:\

\i x
\i0 \
The X-axis rotation rate in radians per second. The sign follows the right hand rule: If the right hand is wrapped around the X axis such that the tip of the thumb points toward positive X, a positive rotation is one toward the tips of the other four fingers.\

\i y
\i0 \
The Y-axis rotation rate in radians per second. The sign follows the right hand rule: If the right hand is wrapped around the Y axis such that the tip of the thumb points toward positive Y, a positive rotation is one toward the tips of the other four fingers.\

\i z
\i0 \
The Z-axis rotation rate in radians per second. The sign follows the right hand rule: If the right hand is wrapped around the Z axis such that the tip of the thumb points toward positive Z, a positive rotation is one toward the tips of the other four fingers.\
\
userAcceleration\

\i x
\i0 \
X-axis acceleration in G's (gravitational force).\

\i y
\i0 \
Y-axis acceleration in G's (gravitational force).\

\i z
\i0 \
Z-axis acceleration in G's (gravitational force).\
\
gravity\

\i x
\i0 \
X-axis acceleration in G's (gravitational force).\

\i y
\i0 \
Y-axis acceleration in G's (gravitational force).\

\i z
\i0 \
Z-axis acceleration in G's (gravitational force).\
\
Queries\
-----------\
Avg road speed (based on current location)\
# of read lights stopped at\
Lifetime/trip averages\
 	speed\
	attitude\
	heading\
Lifetime/trip maxes\
You vs. Avg road speed lifetime\
X out of Y people Speed Rankings\
\
Out of car experience\
----------------------\
(we want this to be % or #rank)\
max speed\
avg speed\
atltitude\
total time at red lights\
number of red lights\
fastest 0 to 60\
total distance\
longest disparity driven\
\
}